Split README into two separate files (#919)
Quansight/Quansight-website: site-admin.md

> **Note**
> Before reading this section, familiarize yourself with [Vercel
> environments](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/deployments/environments).

There are primarily two types of website changes, each with its process:

- Content changes ([Storyblok](https://www.storyblok.com/home), our CMS - Content Management System)
- Code changes (this GitHub repo)

Note that Labs blog posts are an exception. See above:
[How to publish a new blog post 📝](#how-to-publish-a-new-blog-post-).

This section will cover the process for each type of change.

### Content changes (Storyblok) 📰

Content in Storyblok moves through several stages: drafting -> reviewing -> ready to
publish -> published -> deployed.
It's confusing, but "published" in our Storyblok
configuration does not mean that the content has gone live on the
corresponding public website. However, you should never publish any content in
Storyblok if it is not ready for public presentation. In our configuration,
publishing content in Storyblok is a signal to the rest of the team that says:
this content is ready at any time to appear on the public website. **If it's not
ready, don't hit the publish button.**

> The Storyblok process is covered in more detail in the [GitHub repo's wiki](https://github.com/Quansight/Quansight-website/wiki).
> A simplified version is presented here.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

The wiki is now outdated, and has been disabled on the repo. We can remove this mention

one by one and how it integrates with some other services.

### GitHub

The Vercel app is installed on GitHub. The app kicks off deployments on Vercel
whenever someone opens a pull request or pushes a commit to the repo. All of
these deployments are [preview
deployments](https://vercel.com/docs/concepts/deployments/environments#preview)
(meaning they use the preview environment in Vercel and associated environment
variables), except for commits to the `main` branch. Commits to the `main`
branch are specially recognized by Vercel as a signal to deploy the live
website.

### Storyblok

Each website has its own "space" and configuration in Storyblok.

Each website has a unique pair of API keys: preview and public. The preview
API key allows API access to both published and draft content. The public key
only allows access to published content. The Vercel production environment is
configured with the value of the public API key so that it cannot accidentally
access the draft content. The Vercel preview environment (as well as the local
development environment) uses the preview API key so that the website team can
preview draft content.

> Each website's publish function in Storyblok is connected to a webhook on
> Vercel. When this Vercel webhook is called, it does a preview deployment based
> on the current commit of the `develop` branch on GitHub.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Each website's publish function in Storyblok is connected to a webhook on
Vercel. When this Vercel webhook is called, it does a deployment based
on the current commit of the `main` branch on GitHub.
```

The Storyblok preview iframe is configured to show content previews against the

> Vercel URL that points to the latest build off the `develop` branch. This was

Reviewer: I'm guessing this remains unchanged, but I'm not sure.

done to help ensure that if there are any possible issues or conflicts between
code changes and content changes, they will be caught early on. The Storyblok
editor automatically passes cache-busting query string parameters (as in
`?_storyblok=<timestamp>`) to the preview URL, so it should be okay to use a
constant URL base, such as
`quansight-consulting-git-develop-quansight.vercel.app`, rather than the always
changing SHA-based Vercel preview URLs

> (`quansight-consulting-<SHA>-quansight.vercel.app`).

Reviewer: Do we still need this section?

There is a fair amount of code in the codebase that integrates with Storyblok.
For example, there is a bridge that syncs the site with changes coming from the
Storyblok editor.

Some middleware checks if the HTTP referrer is
<https://app.storyblok.com/>. In that case, the code assumes that the end user
is coming to the site from within the Storyblok iframe. So it puts the user in
Next.js preview mode. When the user is in preview mode, the website shows a
yellow overlay at the top of the page, letting the user know that they are seeing
draft content on the site.

### Vercel

The Labs website corresponds to the `quansight-labs` project in Vercel.

The Vercel project has settings that allow it to integrate with Storyblok,
Next.js, and GitHub. The Vercel project has three separate environments:
development, preview, and production. The development and preview environments
contain the preview key to Storyblok. The production environment contains the
public key to Storyblok, which only allows access to the published
version of the content, not the draft version.

> The Vercel project is also configured with a webhook that Storyblok uses to
> kick off a preview deployment of the `develop` branch whenever new content is published
> in Storyblok.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Vercel project is also configured with a webhook that Storyblok uses to
kick off a deployment of the `main` branch whenever new content is published
in Storyblok.
```

Let's take the row labeled "Vercel URL (gray overlay)." This view is accessed by
clicking on a Vercel SHA-style URL, which looks like
`https://labs-{SHA}-quansight.vercel.app`. Typically, this URL is found
either on a GitHub pull request or in `#website-vercel-bot-log` in Slack. The site served by that URL can be
built from any branch or commit on GitHub except `main`, which is reserved for
production. It is built with the "preview" Vercel environment. It does not start
in Next.js preview mode (though the end user can switch to it). The preview
Vercel environment contains the preview Storyblok API key. The site passes
`version=published` to the Storyblok API. It displays a gray overlay at the top
of each page, and that gray overlay contains a way for the end user to switch to and out of the Next.js preview mode.

Note that within Storyblok, there is no button to switch out of preview mode.
This was done by design because the whole point of the Storyblok UI is to be
able to preview content that hasn't been published yet.

## System design decisions 🏗

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

> [!CAUTION]
> This section is outdated. Blog posts are now merged directly to the `main` branch, and Storyblok updates are also directly published to the production website.
> These updates were made to streamline the website update workflow.

```

This section will need some major changes, so adding an admonition as a quick update.
